[Music]
what we are hearing here
isn't the normal buzz of a bee this
is communication
bees generate the signals with their
wing muscles
vibrating them at a certain frequency
produces
a unique signal in human terms
they are producing individual words
we are clarifying the repertoire
of pulsed vibrations that honeybees
use to communicate amongst each other
what martin's saying
is that he's writing the world's first
b dictionary i like that expression yes
a b
[Music]
dictionary
bees live in very tight packing this is
the only way they can sustain the 35
degrees they need
to live it is a crammed society and
we think often they collide into each
other accidentally
causing the whoop that you can hear
when we accidentally bump into each
other in a tube station we say whoops
it is you the one being the victim of
the collision who goes whoops
[Music]
the quack as it says is uh sounds like a
duck quacking it goes quack quack
queen bees are generated in vertical
cells
and we think that this
queen bee is asking to come out
this queen bee has emerged from her cell
and she is roaming around the colony
[Music]
broadcasting this uh enormous splendid
strong and long signal called the
tooting
[Music]
we think that uh it manipulates the
physiology of the worker bees
and we think the worker bees are led
to keep the other queens which are
cracking
they are kept captive by the worker bees
in order to avoid the presence of two
mobile queens
in the colony without this signal to the
nurse bees
two queens would fight to the death
leaving the colony in trouble
[Music]
you